Update GA doc (#394)
keboola/connection-docs: components/extractors/marketing-sales/google-analytics/index.md

Let's say you want to see Sessions by month, compared to the same month last year.
Of course, you can download all the data from last year, but with this approach, you can download just the data you need.

**Incremental load**, when you want download data from the previous job.

> Notice: **Multiple date ranges** and **Incremental load** cannot use together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice: **Multiple date ranges** and **Incremental load** cannot be uses together.
```
